WSGI:
    WSGI stands for "Web Server Gateway Interface".
    It is used to forward requests from a web server (such as Apache or NGINX) to a backend Python
    web application or framework. From there, responses are then passed back to the webserver to reply
    to the requestor.

1. project team size and duration
    project ongoing when i joined organization 4-5

    team size: 4
               rushi yadav
               ajit gangthade
               priya
               me

    team lead: Shrikrushna diwase

    Proj Manager: Rithes dayma

    HR name: Indrajeet Bhagwat..


2. project maintainence after deployment
    yes
    when they design srs for business that time they mentioned after complettion project
    the will provide support for 2-3 years etc...


3. some times user creates account and never used it, how you manage those inactive users database
    It's like atm card first you gave soft message u have to check once your else we will distroy


4. Admin panel & user panel
    admin have more feature to handle user
    user interact with UI part only

5. Authorization and Authentication
    Authentication means confirming your own identity.
    authorization means granting access to the system.

6. is your website has a mobile app

7. Report generation
    Reports generation is the process of using a tool for creating reports primarily for business users.


8. in built functions and libraries used in project
    django
    flask
    sqlalchemy
    request
    pillow
    dbconnectors
    swagger
    drf
    pypdf
    pytest
    boto3
    payment


9. Backend & front end technologies
    logger
    git
    ejira
    sdlc
    agile
    postman
    request
    restweb
    mvc

10. project documentation
    enconfluence navacha folder asto drive la:
        tyamade hld lld he documents astat


11.Have you follow oops concept in projects?
    Yes
    for common fields we write abstract factory methods
        whoever wants to access that field that child class is responsible to write implemtation

    Inheritance:
        common properties write in single class and using super() parent methods
        child class get attribute of parent class


Q.where used decorator in ur project??
   creational:
        singletone --> used in database
        abstract factory

   Structural:
        proxy
        adapter
        decorator

   Behavioural:
        observe
        iterator

Q.Tell me about your project
    project is automated registration and testing for automotive infotainment system
    the goal is to design this project to registration and testing vehicle model and vender details

    Suppose vendor want manufacture vehicel in india then they should follow govt norms
    for that government have certification process

        TA [type approval]
            factors like:
                env
                safety
                width height len
                ground clearence etc.

        MOP [mass of production]

        R&D [reserach and development]

        Rectification --> old model made kahi updates karayche asel tr

    Flow is like:
        1st vendor register with the govt agencies
        govt. agencies collect data from vendor
           data:
                1.vendor details -- contact etc..
                2.unit of area
                3.which field they manufacture

    First of all vendor register with govt agencies
    governmetn agencies collect data from vender
    one SPOC[single poing of contact]  from vendor side who will responsible to give an information

    registration
        email verify
            emp username pass --> change password after vender see the dashboard

    Types of User:  1.internal user(admin)  --> test eng, HOD, cordinatorss, admin
                    2.external user(self register) -->vendor spoc


    after registration case number will be provided
        case number contain --> 2 -- TA tipe approval case
                                4 letter company name
                                4 letter month/year
                                6 digit for unique

                           total=16

        If internal user can see this case number they will tell detail of this type approval


  TA --> two departments 1.CSE (center for science and environment)
                               CSE cordinator(verify details which comes from TA and send to CSE HOD)
                               CSE HOD(check detail if req add some suggestion and send back to cordinator)


                         2.Insustrial Type(dept specific)
                                Desel Engine
                                    Cordinator
                                    HOD
                                    Tester

                                Petrol Engine
                                    Cordinator
                                    HOD
                                    Tester

                                CNG
                                    Cordinator
                                    HOD
                                    Tester

                         Cordinate select test cases then it pass to HOD

                         HOD can -->1. approve
                                    2.reject
                                    3.add more test

        After TA apply for MOP(mass of production) --> after completion of mop again test case will conduct

            if all norms are satisfy then part of production comes in the market to use....






Q.ur roles and responsibilities in current project
            OR
Q.explain technical projects flow which u have done in ur experience?

    Involment in various aspect of SDLC including requirements gatchering coding testing
    deployment on UAT/QA.

    provide technical support and consultation


    Involved in designing the database Structure and LLD.

    Participated in client calls and involved in requirement gathering from the client.

    Work with Senior Engineers to understand software requirements and timelines.

    Actively Involved in Scrum Meeting to discuss the Issue.

    Coding of different modules as per the business requirements and preparing technical
    specifications documents for those functionalities.

    Actively participated in standup project status meetings, sprint meetings or client calls.


Q134.explain current project along with architecture.



Q137. project scenario example when to use django and when flask?
    small project we used flask for large application we used django

Q.how agile process works? --- explain all details about agile
    agile scrum methodology:
        product backlog:    SRS
                sprint palanning meeting:--> team select
                    srpint backlog:--> task breakout
                            sprint review:
                            finished work:
                            sprint retrospective:

    sprint end date and team deliverable do not change....


Q.table structure for admin activities in projects

Q.how to track admin activities from audit login when data record is in millions?



